make it clear that pinning is possible on other endpoints than files (#111)
ethersphere/docs.github.io: docs/advanced/persistence.md

{"message":"Not Found","code":404}
```

:::info

> Pinning and unpinning is possible file (as in the example), chunks, directories and bytes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pinning and unpinning is possible for files (as in the example), chunks, directories, and bytes
```

Reviewer: @Eknir FYI, you can apply these suggestions right here on the github web UI

```

:::info

> Pinning and unpinning is possible for files (as in the example), chunks, directories, and bytes

Reviewer: i'm not exactly sure what "bytes" is, but i also haven't read the docs, so... :) i have an idea, but don't take my approval in the review as a well-informed one.
